README.md, before:

# Songbinator

Problem finding a playlist that satisfies the musical taste of you and your group of friends?
Give us some artists and we will create you a personalised playlist that everyone will like!

http://songbinator.eu-gb.mybluemix.net/

When cloning repository, replace client_id and client_secret with yours

# Pending stories

- Add image within artist in suggestions and in selected ones
- Filter suggested artists by date of release
- Option to delete suggested artists
- Preview of song 30 seconds artist suggested
- Optimise for phone
- Check artists blocked by country depending on location of user 
- Search for less popular similar artists
- Take not only top tracks but random tracks if required
- Show stats of the playlist created. % happy and % energetic...
- Option to filter in two different playlist categorised by mood of songs

# Completed stories
- S-1 Given an artist, get top tracks
- S-2 Create playlist from website
- S-3 Implement React
- S-4 Simple call react flask
- S-5 Call similar artists from website
- S-6 Be able to create array of songs from multiple artists given
- S-7 Style
- S-8 Autocomplete feature
- S-9 Autocomplete improvement and disable features
- S-10 Check if artist is duplicated in selected
- S-11 Include songs of artist that we are inputing
- S-12 Call to login and create playlist features
- S-13 Differentiate login and logged, create playlist and add song
- S-14 Add first song of the input artist to the playlist
- S-15 Refactor
- S-16 Remove duplicate similar artists
- S-17 Playlist size algorithm
- S-18 Remove hardcoded user and animation effects added
- S-19 One token login. Avoid multiple logins. Delete tokens when refreshing
- S-20 Delete input when adding the song
- S-21 On press ENTER -> add
- S-22 Style website
- S-23 Be able to change title playlist
- S-24 Change tab icon and tab description
- S-25 Small changes
- S-26 Go live, autoselect in dropdown, permissions change
- S-27 Small update
- S-28 Add google analytics
- S-29 Fix state naming convention
- S-30 Change repository name to songbinator
- S-31 Direct link to spotify browser when playlist is created
- S-32 Clean code
- S-33 Repository location change
- S-34 Update README

Background credits: https://codepen.io/P1N2O/pen/pyBNzX

Commit message:

Update README with Important statement

README.md, after:

# Songbinator

Problem finding a playlist that satisfies the musical taste of you and your group of friends?
Give us some artists and we will create you a personalised playlist that everyone will like!

**Important:** I'm using a free version of IBM Cloud to host the application, which goes to sleep mode after 10 days of inactivity. The website might not be active at the moment.

http://songbinator.eu-gb.mybluemix.net/

When cloning repository, replace client_id and client_secret with yours

# Pending stories

- Add image within artist in suggestions and in selected ones
- Filter suggested artists by date of release
- Option to delete suggested artists
- Preview of song 30 seconds artist suggested
- Optimise for phone
- Check artists blocked by country depending on location of user 
- Search for less popular similar artists
- Take not only top tracks but random tracks if required
- Show stats of the playlist created. % happy and % energetic...
- Option to filter in two different playlist categorised by mood of songs

# Completed stories
- S-1 Given an artist, get top tracks
- S-2 Create playlist from website
- S-3 Implement React
- S-4 Simple call react flask
- S-5 Call similar artists from website
- S-6 Be able to create array of songs from multiple artists given
- S-7 Style
- S-8 Autocomplete feature
- S-9 Autocomplete improvement and disable features
- S-10 Check if artist is duplicated in selected
- S-11 Include songs of artist that we are inputing
- S-12 Call to login and create playlist features
- S-13 Differentiate login and logged, create playlist and add song
- S-14 Add first song of the input artist to the playlist
- S-15 Refactor
- S-16 Remove duplicate similar artists
- S-17 Playlist size algorithm
- S-18 Remove hardcoded user and animation effects added
- S-19 One token login. Avoid multiple logins. Delete tokens when refreshing
- S-20 Delete input when adding the song
- S-21 On press ENTER -> add
- S-22 Style website
- S-23 Be able to change title playlist
- S-24 Change tab icon and tab description
- S-25 Small changes
- S-26 Go live, autoselect in dropdown, permissions change
- S-27 Small update
- S-28 Add google analytics
- S-29 Fix state naming convention
- S-30 Change repository name to songbinator
- S-31 Direct link to spotify browser when playlist is created
- S-32 Clean code
- S-33 Repository location change
- S-34 Update README

Background credits: https://codepen.io/P1N2O/pen/pyBNzX
