pals-songmix/README.md, before:

# Structure

In flask-backend run "python file_name.py"
In songbinator run "npm start"
"npm run build" to build the front end and move it to static and template folders in flask

DONE
S-1 Given an artist, get top tracks
S-2 Create playlist from website
S-3 Implement React
S-4 Simple call react flask
S-5 Call similar artists from website
S-6 Be able to create array of songs from multiple artists given
S-7 Style
S-8 Autocomplete feature
S-9 Autocomplete improvement and disable features
S-10 Check if artist is duplicated in selected
S-11 Include songs of artist that we are inputing
S-12 Call to login and create playlist features

BACKLONG
Style of displaying artist
Style website
Limit size of playlist depending on number of artists given
Be able to search for less popular similar artists
Be able to take not only top tracks but random tracks
Show stats of the playlist created. Is % happy and energetic...
Option to filter in two different playlist
Contemplate rate limit for API
Change tab icon and tab description
On press ENTER -> add
Add image within artist
Be able to change title playlist

# React
All React components must act like pure functions with respect to their props.
The render method will be called each time an update happens

Commit message:

S-12 differentiate login and logged, create playlist and add song

pals-songmix/README.md, after:

# Structure

In flask-backend run "python file_name.py"
In songbinator run "npm start"
"npm run build" to build the front end and move it to static and template folders in flask

DONE
S-1 Given an artist, get top tracks
S-2 Create playlist from website
S-3 Implement React
S-4 Simple call react flask
S-5 Call similar artists from website
S-6 Be able to create array of songs from multiple artists given
S-7 Style
S-8 Autocomplete feature
S-9 Autocomplete improvement and disable features
S-10 Check if artist is duplicated in selected
S-11 Include songs of artist that we are inputing
S-12 Call to login and create playlist features
S-12 Differentiate login and logged, create playlist and add song

BACKLONG
Style of displaying artist
Style website
Limit size of playlist depending on number of artists given
Be able to search for less popular similar artists
Be able to take not only top tracks but random tracks
Show stats of the playlist created. Is % happy and energetic...
Option to filter in two different playlist
Contemplate rate limit for API
Change tab icon and tab description
On press ENTER -> add
Add image within artist
Be able to change title playlist

# React
All React components must act like pure functions with respect to their props.
The render method will be called each time an update happens
